One more thing before we really get rolling here I want to talk about a Web site called M.D. in Mozilla
Developer Network.
MDA is just about the closest thing to an official documentation for javascript that we have.
If you watch the video where I talked about Emma and Emma scripts in different versions new features
and how there's not really a official javascript that we can just go download that it's really an implementation
of this Xmas script spec across different browsers.
That's the same reason we don't have one official documentation.
It's not like a language like Python where you can go to Python scholar Python dawg and see the docs
for Python 2 or Python 3 with JavaScript.
Things are a little murkier but MDMA is a really good resource.
So this is what it looks like.
Developer dot Mozilla dot org.
What I do if I'm ever Googling something and I'm trying to understand how a feature works in javascript
I can't remember the name of a particular method.
All Google and ad M.D. end at the end of my google search.
So I get these search results.
So just as a quick example here we go to references and guides.
There are some tutorials here but if you go to technologies and you look at javascript this gives you
a whole reference of pretty much everything in JavaScript.
If we talk about arrays which we will shortly in the course if you go to the array page here there's
all sorts of information and tons of links about all the different things that arrays can do.
So you'll see me reference MDMA and quite a bit in this course and I just thought I should take a moment
to address it introduce the idea of empty and remember it's not an official documentation for JavaScript
it's put out by Mozilla the company that makes Firefox and it's just a great resource for learning javascript
but it's also an invaluable reference for existing developers and maybe teachers who are teaching you
to me courses who need to refresh their memories on certain things.
So you'll see it a lot in the course.